# tabularise 0.7.1

-   Made compatible with data.trame (>= 0.9.0). 

# tabularise 0.7.0

-   Made compatible with svBase (>= 1.7.0). Dependencies to data.io and svMisc eliminated.

# tabularise 0.6.5

-   `equation()`, `eq_()` and `eq__()` are moved to {equatiomatic} (>= 0.4.4).

-   functions for subsettable type (`fun$type()`) are moved to svBase (>= 1.7.0).

# tabularise 0.6.4

-   `Stb` now does not `aka()` to the builtin `dim(x)` (because not accepted in R >= 4.6.0).

-    No bootstrap: 5 in _pkgdown.yml.

-    tabularise-package.R and CITATION updated to new format.

# tabularise 0.6.3

-   Improvement in label management when identical labels are assigned to different columns within the same dataframe.

# tabularise 0.6.2

-   A bug in `para_md()` when equations are inline in a paragraph is fixed.

# tabularise 0.6.1

-   Remotes SciViews/equatiomatic instead of datalorax/equatiomatic for correct compilation on R-Universe (no remote dependency required to yonicd/texPreview).

# tabularise 0.6.0

-   Add {tinytable} table generation for {tabularise} tables as an alternative to {flextable}. Argument `kind =` allows for selecting the table engine to use.

# tabularise 0.5.1

-   Vignette and README file enhanced.

# tabularise 0.5.0

-   Now, `equation.default()` swaps variables labels like `tabularise()` does.

-   `equation.default()` now allows for super- or subscripts in labels using \^ or \_, and the change affects next character, or if it is a integer (possibly with leading minus sign), the whole integer.

-   If a there is a beta_1 term, but no beta_0 or beta_2 term i, `equation.default()`, then, the term is just renamed beta.

-   An error was thrown when `tabularise$headtail()` is applied to a **data.table** with a **Date** column (and probably other "exotic" objects). Solved.

# tabularise 0.4.0

-   `equation()`, `equation.default()` and `equation_character()` added to extract equations from several objects.

-   `eq_()` and `eq__()` added to ease the inclusion of R-computed equations into R Markdown and Quarto documents. `eq_()` also allows to preview the equation in the RStudio viewer pane, or in a web browser.

# tabularise 0.3.0

-   `print.paragraph()` nicely displays a preview of the Markdown paragraph (in the Viewer panel if in RStudio).

-   A bug in `para_md()` allowed to interpret sometimes the content of LaTeX equations as Markdown text, which led to strange results. Now, LaTeX equations between `$...$` are protected by quadruple back ticks and triple dollars on each side, and thus, viewed as code chunks by the Markdown interpreter, and consequently, left intact.

-   Code is added in `tabularise()` to prevent Quarto to generate an error about missing caption in a labeled chunk if we do not want one, that is, if the chunk label does not start with "tbl-".

# tabularise 0.2.0

-   The trick to use tab-cap chunk parameter both in R Markdown and in Quarto that was tested in `tabularise_default.data.frame()` is now moved up to `tabularise()`; meaning it works for all tables created by `tabularise()`.

-   A `tabularise_default.matrix()` method is added.

-   A `tabularise_default.Correlation()` method is added.

# tabularise 0.1.0

-   Tables generated by `tabularise()` now "autofit" columns by default.

-   Reasonable defaults are set up on package loading for {flextable} (non-breaking space for big.mark, and Arial 12 for the font)

-   Caption is set from tab-cap chunk options (both for Quarto and R Markdown documents).

# tabularise 0.0.0.9000

-   First development version of the package.
